when is breaking the rules? Okay, um, it's kind of a loaded question,
but so I think before you can even attempt to try and break the rules,
you gotta fully understand what they are first. Why were they put
in place? The reason behind that. And are they even still applicability?
Because you have no idea when those were actually written. So
you really, really need to fully understand what the rules are before
you start to try and break or bend them. Ah, and then when you do,
decide that like you need to step outside the black and white, start
operating in the gray. You know what is the risk versus reward? Am
I gonna cause damage to personnel or equipment? Am I willing to accept
that risk? Is that gonna cause detriment to the mission? Overall,
if you find that you know that none of those apply Ah, and that in
order for you to get to your objective because you're working and kind
of this no man's land and it requires you to break the rules, then
go forward with it. Obviously, you know, try and get authorization
first, but if you happen to be in a situation where you're the one
that needs to make that decision. Then make that executive decision
after you've done a quick thought analysis and decided that I need
to step outside the bounds here in order to get this accomplished, and
I'll deal with the consequences later. Um, so that's something that
you really need to think about when you're starting to try and bend
or break the rules.